# Ripening_time_WGS
WGS project: GWAS for ripening time

This repository will contain all the of the R scripts written by Thomas Davies for the WGS Ripening Time Project. 
For more information, contact Tommy Davies at tom.davies@dal.ca. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS: 

CIRSPR_sites_in_gwas_peak_20231220.R
This script calculates and visualizes the number of CRISPR editing sights within the Chromosome 3 signal region identified in chapter 4. 

GATK-pipeline-stats-analysis_20231220.R
This script calculates and visualizes various metrics collected during variant calling using the GATK workflow, including read pair count and read depth across samples. 

LD_plotting_20231220.R
This script calculates and visualizes LD for 17 SNPs shared by the WGS and GBS samples. 

WGS-GWAS-manhattan-qq-plotter_20231220.R
This script plots WGS GWAS results data in the form of a manhattan plot (entire genome) and a QQ plot. 

auto_run_gwas_20231220.R 
This script executes the PRELIMINARY GWAS via the Beluga server. 

harv_date_manhattan_plot_zoom_plotter.R 
This script plots the manhattan plots, many of which are zoom-in plots, for the ripening time WGS GWAS. 

harv_date_norm_rd_full_genome_manhattan_20231220.R 
This script plots the correlation results from the normalized 100bp windows in the form of a manhattan plot. 

prelim_gwas_file_formatting_20231220.R
This script formats various phenotype and genotype files to make them suitable for the PRELIMINARY GWAS. 

rd_win_calc_fast_20231220.R
This script calculates the normalized mean read depth from 100bp windows across the genome. 

read_depth_100bp_win_correlation_calculator_20231220.R
This script runs the correlations between each of the normalized 100bp window means and the ripening time phenotype data. 

read_depth_corr_plotter_20231220.R
This script examines a few notable correlations from the read depth correlation analysis, and visualizes them. 

stacked_plots_20231220.R
This script takes data from the GWAS analysis, the normalized read depth analysis, and the Chapter 3 read depth analysis, and plots them together to make a figure. 

sv_collector_script_20231220.R
This script visualizes the results generated by SV-collector. 

